>> Brian Holt: So okay.
So now let's talk about HashRouter.
HashRouter is what we're gonna call a
higher order component in that it doesn't
actually render anything itself out,
right?
You don't expect your router to
render markup itself, right?
What it does is it does routing and
then you tell what markup to render.
So it's higher order in the sense
that it introduces behavior, right?
It's taking care of routing for you, but
it's not actually rendering
any sort of markup out of it.
That's what we call
a higher order component.
Now we're gonna use this one and
we're gonna use more of them but
there's nothing to stop us
ourselves from writing them.
In fact, later on we'll actually
be writing a couple higher order
components ourselves.
So this is actually a kind
of an advanced use case for
React,
>> Brian Holt: But
I think it's one worth knowing.
It's one of the more powerful
parts about using React.
Any questions about high order components?
>> Brian Holt: So
they encapsulate behavior but
they do not necessarily
encapsulate silo markup.
>> Brian Holt: So right now we have a
really lame router system because we only
have one route, but let's go ahead and
make sure that it works anyway.
So make sure you're,
>> Brian Holt: Did I put dev in there?
I did not.
So let's go ahead and
go back to our package.json.
We're gonna put another thing in here, and
it's just going to be dev,
which is going to be webpack-dev-server,
>> Brian Holt: Just that line right there,
we don't have to pass it anything because
it's already gonna read that from
the webpack config.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and now if we go run
yarn dev, it'll run our server for us.
>> Speaker 2: So
that's equivalent to npm start, right?
>> Brian Holt: I mean, yeah, sort of.
So npm start would typically be just,
the answer to your question is it can
be whatever you want it to be, right?
npm start, to me, semantically means
how you'd start your production server,
whereas npm run dev is how I'd run
my own developer environment, but
I guess that's just a choice I made.
I don't even know if that's
necessarily best practices, but.
Did I sufficiently vaguely
answer your question?
Okay, cool.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so I want you to
take note of one thing really quick.
Notice this weird hash is
suddenly showing up in our URL.
How many of you have seen that before,
right?
Really common way of being lazy about
doing single page applications.
The reason why is that your server
doesn't have to care about any of
the routes, right?
Basically what you say on your server
is go to this page if you see any
URL that looks remotely like this, and
then the client side code is gonna
take care of all the routing for you.
So it's super lazy and don't do it, right?
[LAUGH] Like take the time to actually
go and set up your server correctly.
But what is actually
doing that is HashRouter.
So if we're gonna migrate momentarily
here to BrowserRouter, but
I'm gonna show you,
we're gonna build one more route first.
>> Brian Holt: So make a new file,
call it search.jsx, and
we're just gonna make the most
bare bones things possible.
So import React from 'react.
>> Brian Holt: So in Search,
>> Brian Holt: What I
want you to do really quick is just make
like the most bare bones thing possible.
>> Brian Holt: I'm highly paid for
my abilities to create fine UIs.
Export default Search.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so just something dumb,
cuz we just wanna test real quick
that we can route correctly.
>> Brian Holt: And
go back to client app,jsx.
import Search from './Search.
And we're gonna create another Route,
>> Brian Holt: And
this is not going to be exact,
doesn't need to be.
/search, so anytime they go to /search,
the component is going to be,
as you may have guessed, Search.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now we have two routes.
Now if you refresh so landing still works,
now I'm just gonna URL hack up here and
type in Search at the end of that.
Of you refresh, sorry, hit Enter on that,
you should see your second route.
And now we can go back and forth.
>> Speaker 3: Can you go back to Search?
>> Brian Holt: Now it's just
as bare bone as possible.
So this is using a library
called History underneath it.
What's really nice about History is
it's directly interacting with the dom's
history API.
Which means if you're just building with
React router you get all, like the back
button, forward button, opening links
with Cmd+click and all that stuff.
That all just works for
free, which is really good.
So again, if I hit Forward on
here you can see I get forward,
backwards, all that stuff
just works automatically.
>> Speaker 3: I'm getting
the router's not defined.
>> Brian Holt: In client app?
>> Brian Holt: I would
imagine that's problematic.
>> Brian Holt: In landing, it'd be
better if we didn't necessarily have
the Browse All button, actually
took us to the Search page, right?
So luckily, if we go to
landing,
>> Brian Holt: What we can
do here is we can import a link
component from 'react-router-dom.
And we can just replace this Browse All,
>> Brian Holt: Replace
that Link with a link and
that goes to /search.
>> Brian Holt: And what Link is going
to do, is all it's gonna do it's gonna
generate an anchor tag,
an A tag with the correct URL to go to.
>> Brian Holt: So if we Refresh,
notice that the UI hasn't changed,
it looks exactly like it did because it
just went from being an anchor tag to
being an anchor tag.
However, if I click on it,
it will take me to Search.
>> Brian Holt: And again, because it's
an anchor tag I can Cmd+Click, and
notice that it opened a new tab and
it works just fine.
So as long as you don't mess up
the browser, don't use event click
listeners that do window.location to
forward you on to somewhere else.
As long as you don't do any of that
shenanigans you just get all the browser
functionality built for free.
And your site's a ton more accessible,
so all good things.